Handsome sir
You really live here?
Who are you? I'm your admirer.
I heard you came to Jinhai and wanted to meet you
Come on in.
How did you know I was coming to Gimhae?
I also know that I live here
Yeah, a friend of mine told me.
Friend who?
Qin Changan said it was your friend
Do you have a friend named Qin Changan?
Ah Qin Changan
I told you my travels were confidential.
Who will know
It was him!
Why is he really a warrior with your friend?
Yes, friends for many years
Perhaps a unique friend in the world
Lord Warrior
You are really worthless
Even the waiter can become a close friend
What a big heart and pattern!
You are beautiful too
I've seen so many beautiful women
I have seen very few people as beautiful as you.
Really? Do you have a boyfriend?
Without me, you dare to summon up the courage to come to me
You must like me too